we're a team that we're capable of
scoring but I think we're just a little
stagnant right now and not not not
treated with a lot of confidence like I
said not to the low too inconsistent
with the offensive execution with the
ball movement trying to make plays kind
of extra cute try to make shots but
sometimes a lately haven't been
following the way we want to so
hopefully we'll find the rhythm will
find that slow out there that it's going
to allow us to get more points but at
the same time win game you know we don't
care for 192 89 or 72 69 we just want to
win and and we want to you know be loyal
today no you guys using those wedding
isn't enough and like yourself and
answer it seems like at times steam has
gotten away from some of that inside
spank you have a little bit I think that
we can you know we can use it a little
more but uh oh make sure we
interior game as a team do as I
mentioned that up the last name Orlando
goes to the interior game I don't think
I don't think white how is that much
talented and meander and both Indiana
use their post game with River Thames
and west I don't think they're much
sounder there we are why don't we
but so i think that the bell was a very
effective way to play the team hey
Scotty all his dog's coat no that was
just after him I led the coaching staff
make their own judgments in coach you
know that's why they're here for the
ocean and do what's best for team but I
would seem though that if you feel that
way you would be going to express those
from stars no yeah I mean I talked to a
couple of coaches assistant coaches and
stuff nothing there we see that and and
we do that at times but I don't have to
be able more